handoff from lakhs and lakhs of our
sales in city my cousins going to show
you this cool thing she mended of a
twist on a waterfall braid so here you
go so start with a section in the front
of your hair and divide it into three
pieces then start doing a regular braid
until you have like two links and then
when you get that part it's just like a
regular French braid add a little piece
in the top cross it over slide your
middle piece up so it becomes the top
piece and then when you go to let it out
on the bottom split it in half drop the
back cap and let it hang down it's part
of the waterfall braid then get the
front piece and cross it in right in it
with your braid as a strand now add a
little bit to the top braid it into it
then on your bottom piece divide it into
two pieces and sweep it into your brain
then grab another section from the top
and add it to your braid then hold the
little piece in your hand and the bottom
one divided it into half drop the bag
piece and add the front section into the
braid then grab more hair from the top
and add it into the braid now notice how
it gives us this pretty twisted look
almost as if it's not rated so if you
were to look up from the bottom or
straight down it would look like a flat
braid but from the side it just looks
like a really pretty delicate twist with
these really pretty waterfall handguns
so just keep adding hair to it on the
top and then on the bottom split it in
half take the front piece and drop the
back and just do the same thing as we've
been doing throughout the rest of the
braid let me show you up close when i'm
building the waterfall strand so
just splitting it into two pieces
dropping the back one so I can hang with
the rest there and then bringing the
front piece up and writing it into my
braid go back as far as you want and
then bobby pin it make sure you in
credit your head really well so it
doesn't come out you can use an elastic
or whatever you'd like then just pull on
it so it looks how you'd like make it
looser and there you go
you